Welcome, brothers and sisters.
To begin, we have an encouraging update about Eritrea.
You might recall that in April of 2014,
Eritrea and authorities arrested 31 of our brothers and sisters
during a peaceful congregation meeting.
Sister Mikhail Tadesse and her siblings were among those detained.
Her siblings were later released,
but sister Mikhail remained imprisoned for her faith.
But we're pleased to announce that on February 25th of 2025,
after almost 11 years in prison,
sister Mikhail was released and reunited with her family.
She's in good spirits and is receiving the medical care that she needs.
We continue to pray for the 251 brothers and sisters around the world
who are imprisoned for their faith.
And this includes 65 in Eritrea.
In our last update,
we reported on various disasters that have affected our brothers and sisters around the world.
In just the first six months of the 2025 service year,
our brothers and sisters have been affected by over 100 disasters.
But because of your generous donations to the worldwide work,
so far for this service year,
we've been able to spend over $6 million to provide relief.
We thank all of you for your loving support.
Of course, material assistance is just one way that we provide relief to our brothers and sisters.
We also provide spiritual encouragement and emotional support.
This is highlighted in the following video about our relief efforts in the state of California in the United States.
You'll recall that devastating wildfires erupted there in January of this year.
When you go through something like this,
it just, I don't know how to express it.
It changes you when someone loses everything.
The process is overwhelming and they don't know how to recover.
They don't know how to walk through it.
When their recovery effort changes from a load for them,
that they can handle themselves to a burden for them,
that's when the relief organization can help them carry that burden.
The thought at Isaiah, 41-10,
it says there that Jehovah really holds on to us.
And this is something that we've been able to see come to life.
I'm a single sister, single mama.
When I saw the relief team come in,
that was Jehovah's hand to me, to say,
my people, I've got you.
Our brothers and sisters have gone through great loss,
including even their own homes.
And yet, while the physical needs are handled and helped with,
by means of the disaster relief arrangement,
it's the spiritual needs that also need to be given attention to.
And Jehovah has protected you in the most important way,
because you have not lost your faith,
and you have not lost your relationship with God.
This is Jehovah's physical evidence that he loves you.
We send messages out to friends in the congregation.
We meet blankets, we meet pillows, we meet supplies,
and within probably an hour, things started showing up.
I appreciate the friends that have taken us in,
and provided for us.
That was so encouraging, so loving,
and you know, it brings you to tears.
You don't know exactly how it's going to work out,
like you can't pinpoint everything,
but just know that Jehovah is going to take care of you.
Just get the sense that Jehovah is guiding us,
and it's a unique privilege to cry with the friends,
to hug them, to reassure them,
that when Jehovah says,
throw your burden on me, he really means it.
He's always been real,
but anytime you see his hand in a very real way,
you just are naturally drawn closer to him.
So it's a shame that we go through these kinds of events,
but in every single case,
every single person,
from the victim to the person who provides relief,
all draw closer to Jehovah.
We deeply appreciate the hard work and unselfish efforts
of all those at the branch offices,
the circuit overseers,
the disaster relief committee members,
and many other volunteers worldwide.
Of course, all of us who contribute funds
are also essential to this work.
In fact, we all have a share in what Second Corinthians,
chapter 8, verse 4, calls,
the relief ministry.
And when we support this ministry,
we also become fellow workers with Jehovah.
At Psalm 94, verses 17 to 19,
we can see what Jehovah is busy doing for our brothers
and sisters in times of distress.
It says,
if Jehovah had not been my helper,
I would soon have perished.
When I said,
my foot is slipping,
your loyal love of Jehovah kept supporting me.
When anxieties overwhelm me,
you comforted and sued me.
Another way that Jehovah uses his organization
to provide support is by means of our efforts
to promote literacy.
For decades, we've organized literacy classes.
We've also prepared publications,
such as the brochure,
apply yourself to reading and writing.
That brochure is currently available
in 136 languages,
and more than 10 million copies have been produced.
A few years ago,
in a previous governing body update,
we talked about the importance
of reading and writing well.
And since that update,
the apply yourself to reading and writing brochure
was made available on JW.org
so that more could easily have access to it.
And now in recent times,
we've been working to simplify
and speed up the translation and production
of an updated version of the brochure.
It's called lessons in reading and writing.
Currently, selected branches have been invited
to pilot this new tool in three different languages.
These branches are also organizing literacy classes,
so that as many as possible can benefit.
But why is this so important?
Let's hear from two branch committee brothers
who serve in Mozambique.
Our branch territory has blessed with exciting growth.
For example, the average number of Bible studies
is about two per publisher.
Clearly, there's much potential for further increase.
While examining the needs of our branch territory
with the goal of improving,
we realize that quite a number of our publishers
do not read and write well.
And realistically,
that could limit their participation,
especially in the Bible study work.
So to address this concern,
we've been encouraging the publishers
to attend literacy classes.
And the results have been incredible.
For instance, one couple in Mozambique, Maliko and Zelda,
never had the opportunity to go to school
because there were no schools in their area
and they had to work a lot.
Because they could not read,
they could not conduct any Bible studies.
When the circuit overseer visited their congregation
in 2022, he encouraged everyone
to enroll in literacy classes.
Maliko and Zelda attended a literacy class
and learned to read.
Today, Maliko has four Bible studies
and Zelda has three.
And all of their students are attending the meetings regularly.
And Maliko also has become a regular pioneer.
In another example,
we have a sister named Anna.
She did not have access to school
because she was raised in a remote area of the country.
At almost 50 years of age,
she still could not read.
And it was very difficult for her to conduct Bible studies.
She tried to start Bible studies
by only showing the pictures and the illustrations
in our study publications.
But due to these limitations,
those studies would soon end.
In 2024,
she attended a literacy class.
And today, she reads very well.
She's conducting three progressive Bible studies.
The Bible students regularly attend meetings.
And Anna says that she is happy
and grateful to Jehovah and the organization
for helping her to learn how to read.
We're very excited about this pilot program
to use the updated tool,
lessons in reading and writing.
And we pray that this initiative
will help our brothers and sisters learn
to read and write well,
to continue growing spiritually,
and to expand in their ministry.
All to Jehovah's praise.
Of course, at this time of year,
our minds and hearts are focused
on the upcoming memorial of Jesus' death.
This year's memorial will be held on Saturday, April 12,
and the special talk entitled Can Truth Be Found
will be given in most congregations
during the week of March 31st.
As we do every year,
we want to invite as many as possible
to attend the special talk in memorial.
That includes family members,
Bible students, return visits,
and any others that we might know.
And as we invite them,
let's make good use of the JW.org homepage,
which will feature content related to these two events.
Also, have you thought about auxiliary pioneering?
Remember, all publishers may do so
with a 15-hour requirement
during the month of March and April.
Why not pray about it?
Reflecting on Jesus' ransom sacrifice
gives us peace and fills our hearts with gratitude.
I'm sure you'd agree that we need that peace now
more than ever before.
After all, this system of things is so volatile.
It's like a restless sea,
and on top of that,
we face stormy tests of our own faith.
Despite these stressful circumstances,
as Jehovah's people,
we have true peace.
But how is that possible?
It's because of a special gift
that Jesus promised to give His disciples.
What is that gift?
Well, let's read His encouraging words
at John chapter 14 and verse 27,
that were spoken on the night just before His death.
Jesus said to them,
I leave you peace.
I give you my peace.
I do not give it to you the way that the world gives it.
Do not let your hearts be troubled,
nor let them shrink out of fear.
Yes, Jesus gave His disciples a wonderful gift.
What was it?
Peace.
And this wasn't simply a lack of conflict.
No, Jesus said I give you my peace.
And the peace that Jesus had
didn't depend on His circumstances.
He experienced inner peace
because He knew that Jehovah loved
and approved of Him.
And Jesus promised His disciples
that they too would have this same kind of peace.
Imagine how this must have comforted their anxious hearts.
And the same is true for us
as we face the uncertainties of the last days.
We're blessed to have a peaceful relationship with Jehovah
based on our faith in the ransom.
And that gives us hope.
It allows us to keep calm
despite the uncertain times we're living in.
It stabilizes us.
Notice the poetic way that Psalm 46 and verse 2 expresses it.
It says, that is why we will not fear.
Though the earth undergoes change,
though the mountains topple into the depths of the sea.
Doesn't this verse remind us
of the turbulent times we live in?
In the last days,
we may see long-standing mountain-like institutions crumble
as if they were toppling into the sea.
And yet, how will we respond?
Well, the verse says, we will not fear.
Why not?
Well, verses 5 to 7 tells us the answer.
It says, God is in the city.
It cannot be overthrown.
God will come to its aid at the break of dawn.
The nations were in an uproar.
The kingdoms were overthrown.
He raised His voice and the earth melted.
Jehovah of armies is with us.
The God of Jacob is our secure refuge.
As the uncertainty of this system increases,
we do not need to be in fear.
Remember, God is in full control.
Jehovah of armies is with us.
He will come to the aid of His people.
He is our secure refuge.
But at times, we may still feel anxiety
because of the events that are happening around us.
What does the Bible encourage us to do?
Ep Philippians 4 and verses 6 and 7
were encouraged to pour out our hearts to Jehovah.
And when we do that, what will happen?
According to verse 7,
we experience something beyond all understanding,
the peace of God.
And that peace will keep us calm and stable
despite the disturbing things taking place.
Now, doesn't this motivate us to show our appreciation
for what God and Christ have done for us by means of the ransom?
One of the ways we can show our gratitude
is through the preaching work.
As we preach, we search for friends of peace,
those who also want to have peace with God.
So during this memorial season,
let's invite as many as we can to learn about
and to appreciate what Jehovah and Christ Jesus
have done for us by means of the ransom.
Before we conclude,
we're happy to announce the release
of the 2025 Convention Song entitled
to do your will is my delight.
The song and lyrics are now available for download
in JW Library and on JW.org in English
and eventually in all the languages
that will hold the convention.
The governing body would like everyone
to practice this song before the convention.
That way, at the convention,
we can unitedly sing out from the heart.
Also, if the words are available in your language,
you're going to be able to sing this song
at the midweek meetings during the weeks of April 7th
and 28th of 2025.
Brothers and sisters, be assured,
we love you all very much.
And please, enjoy the rest of the invitation campaign
and have a wonderful memorial.
From the world headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting.